Hello. This is a is a simple jewel matching game that I developed out of curiosity. The player has 3 minutes to get to the highest
level you can. There is no skyfall matching (where jewels slide down the screen and cause additional jewel matching for the player).
To increase the time limit the player can match "star orbs" (edited image owned by Nintendo) by 2 seconds for each orb. For the
other orbs in the game the player can receive points toward the goal of each level. Once the goal is reached, the goal is updated and
the player's points are reset to 0 for the new level. There is no transition animation between level nor congratulatory music.
In general when a match is made the matched Orbs shrink away and are replaced by new Orbs that appear to grow in their place.
There is a delayed deletion animation between each orb type.
The user can simply click on a gem and switch its location with another gem anywhere on the board. There is no dragging replacement in this game.

Assuming you have at least installed a Java JRE, you can simple click on "Start_Game" to start the game.
Win Conditions: None (just try to reach the highest level you can)
Loss Conditions: Run out of time
				 
Sounds: Set to on by default (It is loud so I suggest you set your volume to 50 or below.
        Background: "03-a-new-journey.wav" (owned by GungHo)
	
Game Objects (images owned by GungHo or Nintendo):
	FireOrb: Match for points.	
        LeafOrb: Match for points.
	WaterOrb: Match for points.
        DarknessOrb: Match for points.
        LightOrb: Match for points.
        StarOrb: Match for more game time.
	SquarePanel: Makes up the board in this game.

Point System:
	Star Orbs: 12 seconds added to the timer limit.
	Other Orbs (Fire, Water, Leaf, Darkness, Light): 
		Three in a row = 50
		Four in a row = 150
		Five in a row = 300
		Six in a row = 500	
		
Game Controls (located in top right hand corner called "Options):
	Sound: Toggles the background game music between "on" and "off".

Commands: 
	Pause: Pauses the game and turns off the background game music until you click on "Play" where you clicked "Pause".
        Add 30 Seconds: Adds 30 seconds to your time limit.
        Subtract 30 Seconds: Subtract 30 seconds from your time limit.
        Add 100 Points: Adds 100 points to your score.
        Subtract 100 Points: Subtracts 100 points from your score.
        Quit: A dialog box appears causing the game to pause and offers the choice to quit the game or continue playing.
	